V1.32 Add methods and support for IHM structure loading (#87)
rcsb/py-rcsb_utils_dictionary: HISTORY.txt

16-Jan-2025 - V1.30 Only load instance features for the representative model of multi-model structures;
                    Consolidate code for selecting the representative model
03-Feb-2025 - V1.31 Add method 'filterRevisionHistory' in DictMethodEntryHelper to remove data not relevant to structure model

> 10-Mar-2025 - V1.32 Add methods and support for IHM structure loading

Author: ```suggestion
07-Apr-2025 - V1.32 Add methods and support for IHM structure loading
```
